Add swatch compatible info icons (#631)
wmde/fundraising-banners: docs/2025PostCampaignCleanUp.md

- `src/components/DonationForm/Forms/messages/MainDonationForm.*.ts`
- `banners/*/*/messages.ts`

## Delete Info Icon

> We have an infor icon that isn't compatible with the swatches and should be deleted, and replaced with one of the 2 new ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `InfoIcon.vue` class is not compatible with the swatches. In the "starting" banners (With the "test number" `_00`) of 2025, all remaining instances of the class should be replaced with `InfoIconStraight.vue` or `InfoIconItalic.vue` and the old component should be deleted.
```
